✨clusterctl: add support for the controlplane provider (#2099)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/clusterctl/overview.md

into a management cluster.

The command accepts as input a list of providers to install; when executed for the first time, `clusterctl init` 
automatically adds to the list the `cluster-api` core provider, and if not specified, it adds

> also the `kubeadm-bootstrap` provider and the `kubeadm-controlplane` provider.

Reviewer: Potential readability improvement if you drop `adds` from the previous line, WDYT?
```suggestion
also adds the `kubeadm-bootstrap` and `kubeadm-controlplane` providers.
```
